[R.J.] Previously on R.J. Decker…
I'm not going to arrest you.
I'm not a cop. I'm a PI.
I'm also an ex-con. like you.
Eighteen months. Apalachee.
What do you mean
your house rolled into a sinkhole?
If you ever wondered
what the spin cycle feels like. it hurts.
Why are you so determined
to fix me up all of a sudden?
I saw you having drinks with Emi Ochoa
and you looked friendly.
-It's not what you think.
-We were married. okay?
I know what you look like
when you wanna have sex.
He was supposed to be here one week.
Pero he's also…
-What?
-A crap magnet.
[♪ upbeat music plays]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
And basketball. Let's go.
-Come on. come on. come on.
-Yeah.
Let's go. let's go. let's go.
let's go. let's go. Let's go.
-No! Come on!
-Hey!
-Is that my stapler?
-Cath.
-What is all this?
-[sighs]
-It's a Rube Goldberg machine.
-Yeah.
Upton. that mean boy from school.
he posted this video of one that he made.
So Uncle R.J. said…
We're gonna one-up Upton.
[Mel stammers]
Oh. Oh. I don't even wanna know.
-I don't even want to know.
-Probably for the best.
Time for school. You packed up?
Hey. buena suerte
on your Spanish quiz. amiga.
-Gracias.
-Oye. if you wanna take her to school.
-I'm not gonna stop you.
-Oh. I would. I just… I have a new client.
-What's the case?
-Como se dice… possible homicide?
Hey. this one's for you. Rach.
-[chuckles] Whoo!
-[Rachel chuckles]
-Let's go. Rach!
-Oh. my God.
-That was two weeks before Huck died.
-Yeah.
You can see why I'm having a hard time
believing he drowned.
He loved the water. [chuckles]
And you said the police.
they ruled it an accident. huh?
Yeah. They figured he got drunk.
fell in. couldn't pull himself back up.
I get that his blood alcohol was. like.
way past the legal limit.
but it just… It doesn't make any sense
that he was down here drinking alone
in the first place.
That was not like him.
I don't know.
We were just starting to get serious.
but I thought he might be the one.
[R.J. clicks tongue]
-I'm really sorry. I truly am.
-[sniffles]
M-My parents think that maybe
I just can't move on.
But it turns out
I'm not the only one with questions.
Yesterday. I got a call from someone
who said he was Huck's friend.
And he wanted to know
if Huck ever talked to me about work.
if maybe Huck had heard something
that might have gotten him killed--
I-I'm sorry. W-Who is this guy?
He didn't give me his name.
And his voice sounded strange.
like it was disguised or-or filtered
or something.
-He said he was afraid.
-Afraid of what?
Huck was a driver
for Gold Coast Armored Trucking.
The day before he died.
he mentioned that he thought
something shady was going on at work.
These trucks. they transfer a lot of cash.
And-And he thought that
someone might be skimming.
stealing a little here and there.
Did he say who?
I don't know if he knew
or didn't wanna say.
But the next day. he-he was gone.
Do you think the guy that was skimming
killed Huck
and then made it look like an accident?
And the guy that called you.
is there any way to reach him?
No. the number was blocked.
But he was the one who gave me your name.
I'm sorry. what?
He said he had been thinking
about hiring a PI himself.
found your website. said he was sorry.
That if he wasn't such a coward.
he'd be the one calling you himself.
[sighs]
New special. Key lime cold brew.
Tell me what you think.
I think I'm good.
Suit yourself.
-[exhales]
-Mmm.
Mmm. Like a… [slurps] …beer
and an all-purpose cleaner had a baby.
Ooh. H-Hold on. Hold… Whoa. whoa.
who's the brunette?
What. you been out meeting cuties
at someone else's bar?
No. it's my. uh. new client. Rachel.
Her boyfriend drowned.
Police ruled it accidental. but…
She ruled otherwise.
Exactly. Boyfriend. Huck.
drove armored trucks.
She thinks he found out somebody
he worked with was skimming
and paid the price.
You still have that paint gun?
You know what a non sequitur is?
I'm gonna go by there in the morning.
and depending on how friendly
they wanna be. I might need a little help.
-Oh.
-[car alarm blaring]
-Oh. I'm leaning on my keys?
-No. actually. I think that's my car.
[car alarm chirps. stops]
[♪ suspenseful music plays]
What the hell?
[car approaching]
[horn honks]
Guess Levi finally got released
from Apalachee.
Oh. R.J.. t-this is bad. Levi Brenner.
Last time you two tangled.
didn't he… didn't he promise to…
Show my brains their first sunrise?
Yeah. he did.
[Catherine] Well. are you at least gonna
tell me why you're stealing my luggage?
Yeah. guy I did time with. Levi Brenner.
he just got out of Apalachee.
He. uh. decided to pay me a visit
this morning.
Threw a brick through my car window.
Well. that's not good.
But I don't understand.
Why-Why do you have to move?
Well. if he comes looking for me again.
he ain't gonna find me here.
Not with you and Sofia and Mel.
I appreciate that. But if he's
that big a threat. what about you?
Oh. I'll be fine.
This was always
meant to be temporary anyway.
You wanna at least tell me
what this guy's problem with you is?
I'm pretty sure he blames me for getting
nine months tacked on to his sentence.
Because I did.
Whoa. R.J.. are you like
a jailhouse snitch?
[scoffs] No. it's nothing like that.
Wish. he had this friend
on kitchen duty. Gordy.
Sweet old lifer.
Kept to himself. Happy guy.
Until Levi started beating him up.
really just for sport.
And I started to get worried
Levi was gonna kill him.
I got him to punch me
in front of one of the guards.
I figured he'd get solitary.
What I didn't know is that he was already
sitting on two strikes with the warden.
So they extended his sentence.
Yeah. nine months.
Now he's out and he's ready to give birth
to a hate baby. Wish's words.
-[zipper closes]
-So where are you gonna stay?
Oh.
I'm going home.
Wow. it's really…
something.
It was a lot nicer
before it. uh. fell into the sinkhole.
Okay. not a lot nicer.
I mean. it still looks like
you have a few repairs left.
Yeah. well. I had to take it out of
the shop a scooch earlier than I expected.
Y-You're sure your dad's okay
with letting me crash here?
-I decided he doesn't need to know.
-Oh.
I mean. he hasn't set foot on a job site
since he got elected in 2014.
I mean. I may not have officially
inherited the family business yet.
but trust me.
all of the headaches are already mine.
-You want a tour. I can tell.
-[chuckles] Call it morbid curiosity.
-Come on.
-[door opens]
That's quite a smell you've discovered.
[sniffs]
So. uh. what's the rush to move back
in here anyway? Trouble at home?
No. I figured it was just… It was time.
[Emi] Mm-hmm.
Where is the damn tape?
I don't think tape
is going to save this place.
Actually. it's for a… for a case. maybe.
I got it.
Are you sure this thing is safe?
Everyone's always so worried about me.
Oh. Can't imagine why.
Um…
Yeah.
-I'm gonna leave now.
-Okay.
So if you could just… You know?
Absolutely.
-Yeah.
-Excuse me.
Try not to die tonight.
I will do my best.
[sniffs deeply]
[chattering]
-[truck beeping]
-Here we are. Right this way.
-Oh. Thank you so much.
-No problem.
[knocks on door] Mr. Verone. R.J. Decker.
I. uh. left you a message.
You're looking into
what happened to Huck Evans.
Yeah. I'm looking into the possibility
that Huck was murdered.
Day before he died. he told my client
that he was having problems here at work.
That mean anything to you?
No. What sort of problems?
Well. he thought someone might be
skimming off the back of your trucks.
No. No way.
I-I'm just trying to get a feel
for Huck's world here.
Like the… Who he drove with. the routes
they worked. that kind of stuff.
Excuse me. I can't give you
that kind of information.
Oh. shoot.
Uh. Spam alert. Decline.
Sorry. You were saying?
-We're a security company.
-Yeah.
We move cash and valuables.
-You can't just waltz in here…
-[car alarm blaring]
…and expect us to share information
about our employees. our routes.
-[car alarms blaring]
-Look. we…
Well. I know. I understand.
I really do. I understand. I just…
If I could just ask you a few more
questions. it'd be very helpful for me.
Boss. something's going on.
I think you need to check it out.
Look. I'm gonna need you to wait out here.
-Out here? Oh. okay.
-Yeah. Right here.
-Right here?
-Yeah.
[alarms continue blaring]
[employee 1] It's all of 'em.
[indistinct radio chatter]
[all alarms blaring]
[employees shouting indistinctly]
-[thuds]
-[car alarm blares]
[speaking indistinctly]
Whoa. Check it out.
Someone took out the security camera.
-What is going on?
-It's the cars. boss.
Well. turn them off.
Kill your alarms.
[breathing heavily]
The things I do for that man.
-What are we doing here?
-[employee 2] I'm trying to get it off.
-Well. look. I need them turned off.
-I'm turning off…
You've got your hands full.
I'll come back another time.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Are you pressing the button?
[both arguing indistinctly]
[Rachel] I can't believe you managed
to get all this.
Yeah. well. you said Huck thought
someone at work was stealing.
If he was onto something
that got him killed…
I-I wanted to look at everyone
that he worked with.
Uh. a few names stood out.
-Uh. tell me if any sound familiar.
-Okay.
[R.J.] So first up we've got Bart.
Huck's old boss.
The fleet manager.
Didn't love the questions I was asking.
It doesn't make him a killer. but…
Yeah. sorry. I-I don't think
Huck ever mentioned him.
Okay. My favorite is Tater McLeod.
This guy.
He rode shotgun with Huck for years.
He quit the day after Huck died.
Now. that could be a coincidence
or maybe he got nervous
Huck was onto whatever he was doing.
he killed him and then left the company.
Yeah. I-I didn't know Tater quit.
So you knew him?
[stutters] Not really.
Uh. he introduced himself
at Huck's funeral
and offered to help me pack up
Huck's apartment and I took him up on it.
-[clicks tongue]
-What?
Just maybe he wanted
to look through Huck's things.
See if Huck had
any evidence of wrongdoing.
Say you're right. What do we do now?
[engine revving]
-[R.J.] Tater McLeod. hello!
-[revving continues]
[yelling] Somebody there?
Tater. my name's R.J. Decker.
I'm a private investigator.
-Sorry. one sec.
-Sure.
-This baby's a beast.
-It's a nice machine.
-Looks new.
-Yeah. I got it just last week.
I hear you right? You said you were a--
Big-ticket item for someone
that just quit his job.
Now. who told you I just quit my job?
I'd like to ask you a few questions
about your old partner. Huck Evans.
I'm looking into the possibility
his death. it wasn't an accident.
That someone at Gold Coast killed him
when he found out they were
skimming cash from the back of a truck.
For reals?
For reals. Tater. Real reals.
You pay cash for this?
I did. but my grandma gave me the cash.
That's why her name's written
on the side there.
Me and Huck. we were boys. you know?
When we were on that truck.
I had his back and he had mine.
Losing Huck really messed me up.
It's like YOLO. you know?
-YOLO.
-Mm-hmm.
I didn't want to get back on the truck
without him. so I quit.
I bought this.
It's what he would have wanted.
He knew it was always my dream
to be a watercraft stuntman.
[chuckles] I'm sor… A what now?
You know. like the ones they got
in them big theme park shows.
Come on. I'll show you.
Whoo-hoo! [laughs]
I'm gonna jump three barrels and straight
through this next Saturday in Lake Sylvia.
Come see if I'm lying.
Okay.
Right. yeah. Uh…
Well. if someone at Gold Coast
did have sticky fingers.
my money would be on a guy
named Nestor Salazar.
-Why is that?
-Uh. rumors. you know?
Like he was. uh. using the trucks
to run coke.
-He did like his bling.
-Hmm.
Maybe he was paying for it
with money that wasn't his.
[people chattering]
Heard someone was here for me.
Outside.
[chuckling]
Well. if it ain't my old pal.
How'd you track me down so quick?
-Trade secret.
-Oh. I forgot. You're a gumshoe now.
Solved the case of the brick
through your window yet?
You know. believe it or not. Levi.
I'm not here about what you did to my car.
-Hmm.
-I'm here to make things right.
I never meant for you
to get an extra nine months.
Ah. It's ancient history.
Yeah. I'm on the straight and narrow now.
same as you.
I think we can both agree
it's a tricky road to walk.
I just don't think we need to be doing it
side by side.
I know you have six months left
in this halfway house.
-I know it's a hellhole.
-[♪ dramatic music plays]
I asked my conditional release officer
to make some calls.
Turns out there's an open bed
in Jacksonville.
-[Levi] Mmm.
-Single rooms. longer sign-out hours.
I heard they even have ice cream Fridays.
"Sorry about stealing nine months
of your life. Here's a vanilla cone."
Well. it comes with a lead
on a warehouse job. Levi.
-[Levi] Mmm. Mmm.
-It pays good. It pays real good.
You accept the transfer.
you and I. we never have
to see each other ever again.
-It's a generous offer.
-It is.
A few days ago. I might have taken you
up on it. but now. I don't know.
Fort Lauderdale is my kind of town.
The sun. the ladies.
I don't think I'm going anywhere.
[phone ringing. buzzing]
You go take that.
I got stuff to do.
[phone beeps]
[distorted voice] Mr. Decker. I saw you
at Gold Coast Trucking.
I'm glad Rachel reached out to you.
I wish I could help. but I'm scared.
Huck was onto something.
I know it had to do with The Gator Hole.
It's a gas station off I-75.
I hope you find answers there.
-Hey.
-Hey. how you doing?
-Good. How are you doing?
-Good.
Let me ask you something.
The name Huck Evans mean anything to you?
Uh…
You know. I had a friend named Huck once.
uh. back in '66. first day of third grade.
Uh. sorry. Different Huck.
Armored truck driver.
Oh. then. in that case. no.
-Okay. well-- Excuse me.
-[phone ringing. buzzing]
[cashier] Mm-hmm.
-Hey. what's up?
-[Catherine] R.J.. did you come back?
-I mean. are you at the house right now?
-No. Why?
-[siren wailing]
-Hold on.
You two. with me.
Wait. w-was that Mel? What's going on?
Yeah. the power's out
and the front door's open.
She called for backup.
I-I just thought that maybe you came back.
No. it wasn't me.
Take her and get in the car. okay?
Everything's gonna be fine.
[Catherine] R.J.. I have to go.
Cath. stay on the line. Cath.
-[line disconnects]
-God.
[chattering on radio]
[Mel] Room on the left. clear it.
[♪ tense music plays]
[♪ eerie music plays]
[officer 1] Upstairs. clear.
[officer 2] I got nothing. You?
No. you should clear the backyard too.
But they spilled this when they were here.
It's dry now. I think they're long gone.
-Hey. Mel.
-[Mel] Hey. everyone's safe.
Catherine took Sofia
to a hotel for the night.
Power was cut. Cameras were out.
If anything was taken.
I haven't noticed it yet.
It doesn't feel like
your typical burglary.
[exhales deeply]
It's my fault.
I mean. I know who did this.
Levi Brenner.
Catherine told me all about him.
He must have started following me
the minute he got out.
tailed me here one night.
Mel. I am so sorry.
We're coming up empty.
No prints. no witnesses.
We wouldn't have probable cause.
but I'd be happy
to go question this guy if--
It's all right. I'll handle it myself.
I'm gonna come with you.
Uh. thanks. but no.
I plan to make it very clear
that my family has nothing to do
with this little vendetta against you.
I don't need you standing
right next to me when I do.
Mel. you don't know this guy.
I'm not asking.
[chattering on TV]
Levi Brenner.
I'm Detective Mel Abreu.
but you already knew that.
I need a word.
Found what you were looking for?
-Sorry?
-You tossed my house earlier tonight.
so I'll ask again.
Whatever it was you wanted.
did you find it?
Or were you just sending a message?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't even know who you are.
Right. And you didn't vandalize
R.J. Decker's car…
-Ah.
-…yesterday either?
He sent you?
No. you did when you broke into a house
where my daughter sleeps.
I've been here all night.
There's a whole room of guys
who'll confirm it.
That one of the amenities here
at the Alibi Inn?
Everybody lies for everybody else?
Let me be clear.
Whatever problem you have with R.J..
he doesn't live in my house.
And if you ever come near my family again.
I promise prison isn't
where I'll be sending you.
You know. this is starting to feel
a lot like harassment.
We done here?
[♪ "Hand Me Down Love" playing]
♪ Who you gonna hand it all to? ♪
That's the paperwork you texted about?
Our foreman at the job site
took a closer look at your trailer.
It's making him nervous.
So. company lawyers would feel better
if you signed these.
It says we're not liable
if the roof caves in and kills you.
It says it a lot. Again and again.
Very clearly.
You look like hell.
Yeah. I didn't… I didn't sleep last night.
-New case?
-Old problem.
This guy I did time with. he just got out.
He's the real reason
I moved back into my trailer.
♪ Just believe it comes back around ♪
He broke into Catherine's house
last night. He trashed the place.
Are they okay?
A little ticked at me. I think.
but. yeah. they're okay.
Are you okay?
Prison. it's everything you've heard
it is. a few things you haven't.
And when you're in there.
all you think about is getting out.
What you don't think about
is how after you do…
prison might come out after you.
The guy who broke in.
is he at least under arrest?
-No. he didn't leave any evidence behind.
-[sighs]
My building. [scoffs]
It has a doorman.
two full-time security guys.
You can stay there if you want. [stammers]
-With you?
-On the couch.
Very on the couch.
I'll be okay. and I'll get these signed.
I will. but I have to go
give a client some bad news.
[phone ringing]
Rachel. how you doing?
I-I'm sorry I'm running late.
Nestor Salazar. he isn't our guy.
He. uh. has an alibi
for the night Huck died.
But w-we can talk through next steps
when I get to your house.
[Rachel] R.J.. wait. I-I'm not there.
I'm way across town now.
I don't know if this was
a goose chase or what.
I'm sorry. what do you mean?
I got another call
from the unknown number.
-The guy with the filtered voice.
-Yeah?
He left me a voicemail
and he told me to come meet him
at an empanada truck at Loggerhead Beach.
Told me to come alone.
but I'm here. and… nobody.
I-I don't know if he got scared or--
Yeah. I-I got a message too yesterday.
Um. he said he was happy you reached out.
but then he sent me
to some gas station off I-75.
but I didn't find anything.
R.J.. I'm scared.
What have I gotten us into?
[sighs]
So. your gross pickle chips and. uh.
what else?
A second bag for you.
You're not sharing mine this time.
[♪ country song playing on radio]
Hey. anybody home?
I need a hundred on pump two.
[♪ eerie music plays]
-[hammer cocks]
-[panting]
[criminal] Hands up! Do it now!
Hands up! Don't touch that.
Get on the ground!
-All right--
-Get down!
Don't move! Don't move!
[engine starts. revs]
Ollie. I have to ask.
This wouldn't be the first armored truck
robbery to turn out to be an inside job.
You don't think I did this?
After the news broke.
I was contacted by an associate
who thinks whoever robbed you
had inside information.
That the perps knew exactly
where your truck would be and when.
He thinks at least one other
Gold Coast employee knew what was coming.
Did you know Huck Evans?
The guy who drowned. yeah.
We're not so sure
his death was an accident.
Seriously?
Listen. if it was somebody at the company.
I-I swear I don't know anything.
Please. I… [breathes shakily]
I can barely breathe.
We watch the training videos.
We do the exercises.
But nobody tells you what it's like
to have a gun in your face.
I freaking wet myself a little.
Sit tight.
We're gonna get you another ice pack.
And maybe some pants.
[sighs]
I don't think that's
a mastermind in there.
No. well. at least he wasn't crying.
I wanted to give that other guard a hug.
Look. you sold me.
Your case and this one. they're connected.
But if those guys didn't leak the route.
how did Huck Evans
and your mystery caller hear
about a plan to rip off that truck?
Hey. guys. over here.
Which is exactly where
the dive team found her.
three miles off of Sugar Land Key.
buried under hundreds of years of silt.
Ms. Lang is a curator
at the Florida Frontier Museum.
She was just telling me
what's in the stolen truck.
-Oh.
-Wait. That's what was taken?
Yes. gold doubloons.
S-Sorry. doubloons?
Doubloons.
Legend has it the treasure belonged
to Captain Silas Blackwood.
a wedding present
to his pirate bride in 1622.
Okay. I'm sorry. are you saying we're
looking for actual stolen pirate treasure?
Well. the Santa Reynaldo shipwreck exhibit
was our main attraction.
It was such a hit. it was going on tour.
We've already shipped
the structural remains.
but the centerpiece was the gold.
and now it's gone.
How much are we talking?
Just over 5.000 coins.
-$8 million of pure gold.
-[phone ringing]
Sorry.
Abreu.
R.J.. someone's here to see you.
So. this is what Huck knew?
He found out that someone
was planning this robbery
and then they… they killed him over it?
The person that's been calling us. Mr. X.
he-he. uh… he sent me
to the same gas station the other night.
Why didn't he just say
this was going to happen?
He kept just hinting.
and now another innocent person is dead.
Obviously he had reason to be scared.
Hopefully this is enough
to get him to come forward.
And if he does. so what?
The people who did this.
they got what they wanted.
They're long gone by now.
As far as I'm concerned.
Mr. X can go to hell.
[news reporter] That's right. Dana.
-A targeted robbery left…
-[pounds on door]
…one person dead
and an armored truck stolen.
Police say two masked suspects
stole the Gold Coast armored truck.
-[knocks on door]
-Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey.
Hi.
Fully executed copy
of that liability waiver.
[news reporter] …was found dead
inside the store…
-Okay. Come on in.
-…before officers arrived on the scene.
Thanks. I appreciate it.
Why didn't you just. um…
email it to me?
Maybe I wanted to make sure
your old prison buddy
hadn't set fire to the place.
Right. Well. um. Catherine's wife.
I told you she's FLPD. right?
She paid him a visit.
Any luck. he's keeping his head down.
Good. good. I'm glad.
Yeah. it's good. It's good.
I was just about to make some dinner
if you're hungry or whatever.
Do you always brush your teeth
before you eat?
No. I don't. I don't do that.
I was just. mmm. you know.
making sure you feel welcome.
'Cause you are. you know? Welcome.
[phone ringing. buzzing]
-Sorry. Shoot. uh. give me a second.
-Yep. Mm-hmm.
-Hey. what's up?
-Armored truck turned up.
The gold is gone.
All surfaces got wiped down or torched.
So nothing that might give us an ID?
Check your texts.
It's the reason I'm calling.
Okay.
[Mel] Odds are that's all the clothing
they wore for the job.
But you see that bit of fabric
that didn't burn completely?
Hold up. Um…
Yeah?
Tell me that pattern
doesn't look familiar.
[R.J.] Yeah. Cath bought me a shirt
just like it.
Any chance it was in our house
when Levi Brenner broke in?
Uh. I'm gonna call you back.
I'm gonna call you back.
W-What is it?
I own a shirt with that exact pattern.
Um. Uh…
Can you look in the closet?
I need to find it.
[Emi stutters] Are you gonna tell me
what's going on or what?
Just look everywhere.
I wore it just the other day.
Okay. Um…
Uh…
[sighs]
-[sighs]
-Are those…
-Yeah. Doubloons.
-[thuds]
I'm being framed
for an armored truck heist and a murder.
[sighs]
-Levi Brenner.
-[scoffs]
Levi Brenner.
Guess we should've known
that brick through your window
wouldn't be the end of it.
Would you believe
on some level I'm actually impressed?
Think of all the bad facts
he has stacked against me.
I'm an ex-con.
I recently visited the offices
of Gold Coast Armored Trucking.
Uh-huh.
I was at the gas station
where the heist went down.
and now the police have
a piece of a shirt with my DNA on it.
Yeah. all's left is to call in
some anonymous tip.
tell them to look in your direction.
I don't even think he has to do that.
Once the police start asking questions
at Gold Coast.
my name's gonna pop up on their radar.
Wish. what are you doing?
W-What the hell are you looking for?
Doubloons.
-Doubloons? What?
-What? What?
Me and you are known associates. brother.
You said that you gave yours
to your-your lady friend?
They're not my doubloons.
I just asked her to stash 'em for me.
So. at least I managed to short-circuit
that part of Levi's plan.
Well. maybe you should be the one
who calls in an anonymous tip.
Tell the cops to pay a visit to old Levi.
Mm-mmm.
Before I came here.
I went to his place where he's staying
and he's gone.
He's probably in Mexico by now.
No. what I really need to do
is identify his partner.
Guy he did the heist with tonight.
same one you think's been leaving
all those messages with the robot voice.
Yeah. I mean. he did a lot more than that.
He had to be the one
that killed Huck Evans.
Levi was still in prison when Huck died.
In other words. you're looking for
an hombre as bad. if not badder than Levi.
Whoever he is. he killed Huck.
then he called Huck's girlfriend.
suggested that she hire me to start
looking into it. and that part's key.
Frame-up doesn't work
if I'm not out there poking around.
Well. two questions.
What's the next step? How do I help?
You don't. Police come looking.
I don't want you there.
As far as next steps…
I don't know. All I keep thinking is
just go back to where it all started.
[phone ringing. buzzing]
You're up early.
[Emi] After last night.
you really think I got any sleep?
Yeah. sorry about that.
I wasn't sure if I'd get you when I called
or some cop in an evidence room.
As far as I can tell.
the police aren't onto me yet.
So. where are you?
I'm back at the spot
where my client's boyfriend was killed.
What are you hoping to find?
I don't know.
Maybe something that wasn't here
the last time.
Ooh.
-Hot. Okay. now me.
-[person] Okay.
Excuse me. sorry to bother you.
Um. is this your boat?
Yeah. why? You like what you see?
It's very nice. It's just. I didn't
notice it when I was here the other day.
Is this your slip.
or y'all just passing through?
This is home.
Usually we're out before sunrise
because that's when the big fish bite.
Mm-hmm. Size matters.
Yes. Uh. so are you anchored here
overnight?
Yeah. sure.
What about this? Is this for security?
-Uh. no.
-No. hon. it's for clicks.
We post all of our big hauls online.
We're like "fin-fluencers." you know?
Mm-hmm.
[R.J.] Is it motion-activated?
Uh. hard drive's good
for. like. three months.
-Usually we just leave it running.
-Mm-hmm.
'Cause hitting record is the last thing
you want to have to think about
when a big boy hits the line.
Would you mind showing me
some of your footage?
[footsteps on video]
Angle's no good. but…
Do you hear that?
Yeah. footsteps.
Two sets. right?
The guy you said died and the guy who--
Drowned him. Mm-hmm.
[Huck chuckling] Hell yes. I'm drunk.
You're the…
You're the one who kept ordering shots.
-[grunts]
-[water splashes]
[Huck coughs] Hey!
-[water splashing]
-[Huck] Please.
[grunts] Please.
Let me up.
The guy who did it.
did you ever hear his voice?
I mean. we can listen to it
one more time. but no. I don't think so.
[shower running]
I think we should just call it in.
Use the voice.
Tell the cops R.J. hit that truck
and be done with it.
[person] Be patient. baby.
[shower curtain opens]
We've gone to all this trouble.
-[Levi moans]
-It's gonna work.
You're always so sure. aren't you. Rachel?
'Cause I'm a genius.
[phone ringing. buzzing]
His car is here. I don't see any cops.
[Levi] You sure this is a good idea?
Yeah. he said he had an update.
Huck's grieving girlfriend
would want an update. don't you think?
Keep it short and sweet.
Cops could swarm his ass any second.
You don't want to be there if they do.
Hello.
-Thanks for coming. How are you doing?
-Yeah. of course. I'm okay.
Good. good. good. Come on in.
So. you-you said you had some news.
I do. yeah.
I think I know who killed Huck.
Tater McLeod.
-[exhales] He seemed so sweet.
-Yeah.
W-What makes you think it was him?
Same reasons I liked him
from the beginning.
He quit his job at Gold Coast
right after Huck died.
and his finances.
they don't add up a-at all.
And I talked to his neighbors
this morning.
Nobody's seen him
since that armored truck was robbed.
-Wow.
-Yeah.
Uh. have you told the police at all. or…
I can't go to the cops just yet.
I need more proof.
But. Rachel. I promise.
I'm gonna get him for what he did.
[door opens]
We good?
He's got no clue.
We can go now?
Baby. please. we got this place paid
up till noon.
[phone ringing. buzzing]
Hello.
Hey. it's R.J. Uh. can you put Levi on?
I'm sorry?
Actually. you might just want to lie down
on the floor with your hands on your head.
-It's… It's over. Rachel.
-[doubloons rattle]
-[Levi] No. no. no. Damn it.
-[sirens wailing]
[chattering on radio]
I had a friend plant this
when we were inside the bar.
Yeah. That's how we caught
you two lovebirds.
Please. you don't understand.
Levi made me do it.
He said that if I didn't--
Save it. I managed to get audio
from the night Huck died.
Yeah. there were two sets of footsteps
on that creaky dock.
One heavy. one much lighter.
I knew it couldn't have been Tater
because he's Huck's size.
so it got me thinking smaller.
It occurred to me.
the night you canceled our meeting
left me without an alibi
for the time of the robbery.
And so I had the police check
Apalachee's records.
Turned out the whole time
Levi was in prison. the whole time.
he only ever had one visitor.
You.
[engine starts]
Oh. Before you go.
[distorted voice] Have fun in prison.
Congrats on not getting sent
back to prison.
[chuckles]
That's the third time
I've heard that today.
-Hallmark needs to make a card.
-[chuckles]
Take these. please.
I've been a wreck
ever since you gave them to me.
Well. I know a museum curator
who'd be very happy to have these back.
I appreciate it. and I owe you one.
Well. I'd ask for a drink.
but the other night you offered me
a whole dinner. so…
In case you're free tonight…
Well. a-actually. I already have a date.
What? No. it's Levi Brenner.
He wants to flip on some old associates
for a better deal.
but he'll only talk to me.
-Mmm.
-So. um…
rain check?
We'll see.
-We shall see.
-[door buzzes]
[tapping on table]
Well. you look pleased with yourself.
Well. I helped send a huge piece of crap
and his girlfriend to prison today. so…
You told the police you had
some information you wanted to share?
Well. I mean. that may have been
a. uh. slight exaggeration.
[chuckles]
Yeah. I kind of figured.
But you know. by all means.
whatever threats you've been working on
these last few hours. lay it on me.
Later. I'm sure I'll be very scared.
Other night. I got paid a visit
by your cop friend. Abreu.
Pretended like I didn't know her.
But I did.
Rachel. see. she did some reconnaissance
on you and yours
-before I got out of Apalachee.
-Yeah. of course she did.
How else would you know
to break into their house?
[chuckles]
I didn't break in. Neither did Rachel.
You're a bad liar. Levi.
You stole my shirt that night--
Took your shirt from your trailer. genius.
same night I planted those gold coins.
That house where your pretty ex-wife lives
with her pretty new wife
and their pretty little daughter?
Never come within miles of it.
[chuckles] That's bull.
Have the cops
check our cell phone records.
Talk to the guys at the halfway house.
You'll see.
I'm telling the truth.
Not a habit of mine. I'll admit. but…
gotta say. this time…
mmm…
feels good.
[fingers snap]
That's the look I wanted to see.
That one right there.
You go home now. old buddy.
You tell 'em.
They're in someone else's crosshairs now.
[door buzzes]
[door closes]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-